Read CLAUDE.md first.

Device test: a brand new account completed setup correctly (name, tier, why) and then
hit the session error screen. Verbatim:

  load blocked users: Could not find a relationship between 'blocked_users' and
  'profiles' in the schema cache — Searched for a foreign key relationship between
  'blocked_users' and 'profiles' using the hint 'blocked_users_blocked_fkey' in the
  schema 'public', but no matches were found. — Perhaps you meant 'feed_items'
  instead of 'blocked_users'.

Two problems here. Fix both.

PROBLEM 1 — the embedded join names a foreign key that does not exist.

Find the read that requests profiles embedded under blocked_users with the hint
blocked_users_blocked_fkey. Compare it against what the migrations actually create:
the real column name on blocked_users, what it references, and the real constraint
name. Then make the query match the schema.

If the FK genuinely does not exist in the migrations, say so — the fix is then a
migration, not a query change, and I need to run it against the live project myself.
Do not invent a constraint name that only compiles.

Check every other embedded PostgREST join in api.ts the same way while you are here.
This class of bug does not appear until the query runs against the real database, and
we have just proven the app has never exercised most of these paths. Report any other
join whose hint does not match a constraint the migrations create.

PROBLEM 2 — one non-essential read failing takes down the entire app.

The blocked-users list is a moderation nicety. A new account has none. It should not
be able to stop a challenge, a task list, and a journal from loading.

Separate hydrate's reads into two classes:

- ESSENTIAL — challenge, day snapshot, tasks, completions. If these fail, the session
  error screen is right: the app genuinely cannot function and Retry is the correct
  offer.
- OPTIONAL — blocked users, activity feed, squad roster, recents, anything the app can
  render without. If these fail, log it, leave that surface empty or in its existing
  empty state, and let the rest of the app load.

Do not swallow the optional failures silently — that is the D7 bug we just fixed.
Surface them as a toast or a quiet inline notice, but never as a full-screen block.

Getting this split right matters more than the specific FK. On day 12 of a real
challenge, one flaky read must not present as "your challenge is gone."

After: npx tsc --noEmit, npx expo lint, then a short report — which query was wrong and
why, any other mismatched joins you found, how you classified each hydrate read, and
anything unverified without a device or the live project.